Th2 1211 (#12)
th2-net/th2-common-j: README.md

    ```
    var factory = CommonFactory.createFromKubernetes(namespace, boxName);
    ```

### Configuration formats

> RabbitMQ configuration is read from rabbitMQ.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CommonFactory` reads a RabbitMQ configuration from the rabbitMQ.json file.
```

* host - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ host.
* vHost - the required setting defines the virtual host that will be used for the connection to RabbitMQ. Please see more detail about the virtual host in RabbitMQ via [link](https://www.rabbitmq.com/vhosts.html)
* port - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ port.
* username - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ username. The user must have permission to publish messages via routing keys and subscribe to message queues.
* password - the required setting defines the password that will be used for the connection to RabbitMQ.
* exchangeName - the required setting defines the exchange that will be used for sending/subscribing operation in MQ routers. Please see more detail about the exchange in RabbitMQ via [link](https://www.rabbitmq.com/tutorials/amqp-concepts.html#exchanges)

> * connectionTimeout - the connection TCP establishment timeout in milliseconds, zero for infinite, default value is 60000.

Author: the connection TCP establishment timeout in milliseconds with its default value set to 60000. **Use zero for infinite waiting.**

> * connectionTimeout - the connection TCP establishment timeout in milliseconds, zero for infinite, default value is 60000.

Reviewer 2: Ok, it seems correct now.

* minConnectionRecoveryTimeout - the option defines a minimal interval in milliseconds between reconnect attempts, the default value is 10000. Common factory increases reconnect interval from minConnectionRecoveryTimeout to maxConnectionRecoveryTimeout values. 
* maxConnectionRecoveryTimeout - the option defines a maximum interval in milliseconds between reconnect attempts, the default value is 60000. Common factory increases reconnect interval from minConnectionRecoveryTimeout to maxConnectionRecoveryTimeout values.
* prefetchCount - the option is maximum number of messages that the server will deliver, 0 if unlimited, the default value is 10.

```json
{
  "host": "<host>",
  "vHost": "<virtual host>",
  "port": 5672,
  "username": "<user name>",
  "password": "<password>",
  "exchangeName": "<exchange name>",
  "connectionTimeout": 60000,
  "connectionCloseTimeout": 10000,
  "maxRecoveryAttempts": 5,
  "minConnectionRecoveryTimeout": 10000,
  "maxConnectionRecoveryTimeout": 60000,
  "prefetchCount": 10
}
```

> Cradle configuration is read from cradle.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CommonFactory` reads a Cradle configuration from the cradle.json file.
```

### Configuration formats

The `CommonFactory` reads a RabbitMQ configuration from the rabbitMQ.json file.
* host - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ host.
* vHost - the required setting defines the virtual host that will be used for the connecting to RabbitMQ. 
  Please see more details about the virtual host in RabbitMQ via [link](https://www.rabbitmq.com/vhosts.html)
* port - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ port.
* username - the required setting defines the RabbitMQ username. 
  The user must have permission to publish messages via routing keys and subscribe to message queues.

> * password - the required setting defines the password that will be used for the connecting to RabbitMQ.

Reviewer 2: will be used **for connecting** (without the)
